Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[BUZZING ELECTRICITY]
[FAINT VIOLIN MUSIC]
[BUSY STREET SOUNDS]
[CLASSIC FUNK MUSIC]
Give me back my glove!
Try it. fat ass!
Adam!
I will kill you if you do not
give me back my glove!
That is me. Adam. I was one fat.
angry little fuck.
Try it. fat ass!
I will kill you!
Adam! I just mopped this floor.
Leave your brother alone!
Jerry! Jerry. do something.
That is my brother Ross. I think
the little dance says it all.
Ross. let your brother in the
house.
[GLASS SHATTERING]
Adam!
[ROCK MUSIC]
[OFFICE PHONE RINGS]
Hey. thank you for calling. Are
you looking to purchase or
refinance today?
Will you be on the loan by
yourself or with your wife?
This is what the appraiser is
going to look for and I want to
make sure.
Were you majorly renovating the
house or it does it need any
structural repairs.
We need to look at income.
assets and credit. Everything.
Taking a look at your pay stubs.
income. Everything looks great.
Your credit score is going to
get you a great rate.
Visible water damage or like
chipped and peeling paint?
Let us see what we can approve
you for.
That is going to save you over
sixty five hundred dollars over
the next five years.
You are in awesome hands. We
will take fantastic care of you.
No worries.
Would you like the appraiser to
come Thursday or come Saturday?
May I fax or mail you the
documents?
As far as the deposit. do you
want to use a credit card or a
debit card?
Congratulations on your new
mortgage. It has been a pleasure
and I look forward to seeing
you through the process.
[ELEVATOR BELL]
It is a very good question.
Um look. the money you save
in the first two years
will cover any raise
the adjustable
mortgage may undergo.
It may not even go up. That is
dependent on the market.
In my experience it often stays
right where it is.
It could even go down. Yeah.
Yes I have actually seen it
go down.
I have all the time in the world
for you Mrs. Lennick.
Shit.
Mrs. Lennick. Mrs. Lennick. If I
did not care I would not have
given you my cell phone number.
Right? And I would not have
answered your call this morning
or on any of the other mornings
for the past one hundred and
eighty days.
Perfect. Ok. Go ahead.
Perfect.
Ok. Great. Talk soon.
A mortgage. typically is the
largest financial transaction of
the clients life.
Your correct handling of these
things that freak them out will
put the client at ease.
Adam. glad to see
you could make it.
Sorry. I was just on the phone.
Do not chase money. Become an
expert. Trust me. the money will
follow.
If you just chase numbers and
you chase money you will just
end up you know
spinning in circles and chasing
your tail.
And you will also end up late to
sales meetings.
[CHUCKLING]
Alright. that is ten thirty. The
west coast leads will be queued
up shortly.
Be at your desks and dialed in.
Adam.
He just told me that you know
there are just much higher
expectations of me because
I have the most potential.
So I told him that I closed
Mrs. Lennick.
That is a shit lead. ok? I threw
her name out six months ago.
That is because Nick Kahn.
everybody. sucks at selling
mortgages. Right. Nick?
Alright. I just do not waste my
time.
On completely viable clients?
What the hell does Mickey care
about some seventy thousand
dollar mortgage?
Because she may have only
been seventy thousand dollars.
her boss is looking at three
million dollar homes in
Bloomfield Hills.
Shots!
Can I get you a cranberry juice.
Nick?
Hey uh. shots of Chivas. please?
So. guess who I saw at the Lark
last night.
Is this going anywhere or you
just want me to know that you
were at the Lark?
It was my nanna's birthday. ok?
But at the valet. I ran into
Henry Schoeler.
Two bit hack.
Two bit or no. he was picking
up his Lamborghini.
What? Really?
The guy left Fidelity with a
list full of names stuffed in
his pants
and opened up his own shop.
Wait. has Fidelity noticed that
he is poaching their clients?
Well it does not really matter.
It would be too expensive
to prosecute and
what is a million a year to
them. right?
Well that takes some balls.
Cheers.
This is on you. Chief.
Excuse me. Hi.
Bathroom is over there.
No. I was just
You see. you caught my eye from
across the bar.
Did anyone check your ID?
Is that a line?
Excuse me?
I mean if you wanted to know my
name you could just ask.
You do not have to look at my
drivers license.
Fine.
[DOG MOANS]
Hey girl. you hungry?
Lamb and beef or beef and liver?
[DOG BEGS]
Yeah? Beef and liver.
[HIP HOP PLAYS IN THE CAR]
Huh.
[ENGINE REVS]
[DOG MOANS]
Go get her.
[DOG BARKS]
She is not running away. she
just hates my car.
Sorry. thank you.
Yeah. you should not let her
run across the street
like that.
Good girl. good girl.
Hey.
Medium cappuccino non-fat milk?
Thank you. Allen.
What to get. what to get?
What did you get?
Cappuccino.
Oooh. that sounds good.
What is that. exactly?
I am always confused
by the cappuccino
and the Americano
with the macchiato and
the other thing.
Why not just come into the bar
instead of stalking me
on the street?
I am sorry. do I know you?
Oh. God.
What?
Oh. I am sorry. Today it is
for to go.
No. no. do not do that. Tell me
how I know you. She wants it for
here actually.
No. I know what I want.
Ok. fine. If you are gonna get
it to go. can I walk with you?
Are you serious?
Yes.
Uh. fine.
Yeah? To go.
Thank you.
Let me just grab her.
Are you going to properly
introduce us this time?
Oh. yeah this is Alex. Alex.
this is the beautiful girl I met
at the beer company that I
pretended not to remember when
I pretended to bump into her.
[CHUCKLES]
She gave me her name
but not her number.
And if you really wanted it you
would work harder to get it.
Adam. Misgar.
Christine.
So do I have to do pushups for a
surname?
One step at a time. buddy.
Well. Christine. where are we
going?
This way.
I am surprised I have never seen
you in that spot.
We are here.
Oh. right. You were just
coming in.
So. do I get your number?
You are supposed to tell me how
breathtakingly beautiful I look.
Oh. ok. You are without a doubt
the most beautiful and
enchanting girl that I have
ever seen.
This light is undeserving of
your presence.
Come on. That was good.
All ten.
Come on.
[UPBEAT POP MUSIC]
What are you doing?
Hey. Mickey. Angel said you
wanted to see me?
Did Frank quit?
Quality control caught the son
of a bitch. He was like a
factory for forging paperwork.
So clean cut and he pulls that
shit. I will not have it.
How was dinner?
It was excellent.
Did you bring along that
astonishing creature
that you are--
Christine. Yeah you know
it has been a month.
You are nervous. Do not be.
I brought you up here because
I would like you to be
Franks replacement.
Director?
It is more work but it is
more rewarding. And on occasion
people will disappoint you.
The responsibillity will be to
either improve their performance
or let them go.
Your friends. Adam.
Stay focused. See the long view.
I think I am gonna
buy that building.
[TRIBAL MUSIC]
[PARTY SOUNDS]
Adam. Hey. Adam. Hey. check
this. Plasma screen. pin ball
machine. outdoor pizza oven.
It is a lake house not a
Shakeys.
If anything. it would be a
Chuck E. Cheese.
Hey. I want you to grab everyone
that does not have a vagina and
bring them out on the deck.
And I want you to check Nick
Kahn for a vagina because
I am skeptical.
Boys!
Ross. what the fuck is your
problem?
Nothing. Nothing. great party.
Just tell me. Better now than
later in between crying and
puking. What? What?
I got fired.
Oh. wow.
That is three for three.
Hey. I got a real job. making
you look good.
Jesus. Ross.
I am on the clock. right now.
Hey. come outside. It will make
you feel better. Come on.
Alright!
Fellas. I am sure you are
wondering why you are all here.
Christine is not pregnant.
So. Frank got fired and Mickey
promoted me to Director.
Bam!
[CROWD CHEERS AND WOOHS]
Yes!
Trent is going to be my right
hand man. Nick Kahn.
I do not know about you. You
are going to have to show me
something. buddy.
[CROWD LAUGHS AND JEERS]
Adam!
Oh. Jesus Christ. Adam.
You better. you scared me.
Hey. you should just come work
for me.
Yeah. I could not wear that
business casual bullshit.
Oh. no. it would be different. I
am the boss. No. you could
have a beard.
You can smoke a joint at the
desk for all I care just as long
as you close deals.
I am not a closer. I could not
even negotiate keeping my own
dog when Trish left.
Hey. hey. hey.
you know what you need?
No. what? What do I need?
You know what you need? You
need. you need confidence.
That is what you need.
You gotta grab life by the
balls. alright?
Yeah. You are a drunk
motherfucker.
Yes! Yes I am. polar bear!
[CROWD CHEERS]
You know. next time. I want a
lake house. I am gonna buy the
goddamned thing in the summer!
Wooooooh!
[POPPING SOUND]
That pop you heard. it
haunts me. I dove straight into
three feet of water.
My neck snapped forward. My
entire body went stiff for a
fraction of a second
and then I went completely limp.
They say. give a man a long
enough rope and he will
hang himself.
What they forget to tell you.
Give a man a long enough dick
and he will fuck himself.
[FRANTIC SCREAMING]
[ER SOUNDS]
Boy you really did it this time.
[INTERMITTENT BEATS OF A HEART
RATE MONITOR]
[GROANS]
Adam. Oh!
I gotta get out of this boat.
I will get the doctor.
Ross.
Yeah. man we are here.
Adam. you are in the hospital.
Huh. I have a big meeting
tomorrow.
Hey. do not worry about that.
I almost died waint for you to
wake up.
I will be fine.
Hey. Ross.
Yeah.
Is Christine here?
Hello. Adam.
Doc. he woke up.
I am Dr. Corbin. How are you?
Hey.
Do you feel up for some
conversation?
Yeah. what happened?
The good news is. some feeling
and movement should be returning
to your arms and shoulder area.
When you made impact. your head
snapped forward and your sixth
and seventh vertebrae
were shattered.
Yeah.
I fused two new vertebrae from
our bone bank here.
Statistically we are looking
at some form of
long-term paralysis.
What? Like what. paralyzed?
Yes.
For good?
Hey. Ross. Ross. I cannot feel
my hand.
Nurse. could you bring me two
milligrams of Adevan please?
Look. every case is different
but statistically. you may never
regain any more function
than you are capable of right
now.
But possibly he could.
Well yes. anything is possible.
of course.
[CRYING]
[SAD MUSIC]
You will get it.
Just give me another fork.
Adam. what may have worked for
you in the past is not gonna
work for you now.
We are teaching you
accommodation strategies.
Accommodate me with a fork.
asshole.
Hey. yeah. Cocky fuck.
Lucky. do not encourage him.
Ok.
Meeting time. Everybody turn off
your cell phones and that
computer in your head
telling you you are dead and you
are not. You are not dead.
you are here.
Now let us see who is here. Oh!
It is cocky fuck.
Hey cocky fuck.
Alright. the gang is all here.
So what do you say guys. we
all try and heal each other.
My name is Lucky.
We got Pete the turtle.
Just put him on his back and you
just watch him go. man.
[WHISTLES]
Larry. Larry the leaper.
Tell us your story.
Skydiving '84. Kind of stuck
after that.
Where. in a tree or in a chair?
Or in a bad marriage?
Hey. you do not want to get into
a slap battle with this nut job.
Trust me on that. ok. cocky
fuck. And we will get to you in
a second but first.
our speaker of the evening. my
friend handsome Jim. He is gonna
tell us his story.
Thank you Lucky.
I will tell you cripples now.
sooner than later. It is a
struggle.
Nothing is the same. Cannot eat
the same. Cannot sleep the same.
Cannot work the same.
Cannot even fuck the same. It is
a struggle. The bottom line is
we are still in the game.
Yes we are.
You have got to be fucking
kidding me.
Uh. cocky fuck.
Shall we get to you now?
You can get to kissing my ass.
Lucky.
Um. no. I would rather not do
that. I do not kiss asses.
Espescially some
punk like you. ok?
And do not speak to me like that
ever again. ok?
I am not trying to be hostile
to you but if you do I will
kill you.
But I sense hostillity. I do not
like it. particularly in myself.
I want to kill this son of a
bitch but I am not gonna.
If I kill you I would have to
kill everybody in the room. I do
not want to do that.
No witnesses. So how about this?
How about we have a little
dexterity break. ok?
Now since we are cripples we are
gonna play hoops but with a
balloon.
And we are gonna pretend we are
in water.
Oh. it is cold in here. Oooh.
Come on your cipples. get up and
do something. Box out.
Oh. son of a--
[ACCOUSTIC MUSIC]
Alright. you can go for a turn
now. alright?
One. two. three.
There you go.
Good. huh? Getting better.
Look at this asshole. I am
joking. Yeah. much better.
Adam. Ok. let us go everybody.
Keep pulling. moving it. Pull
it. Pull it. Good girl!
Yeah. that is great. Great job.
Ok. Adam. you got a visitor.
It is not my mom is it?
Hope not.
Hi.
Hi. That is it?
Adam. I am sorry. I am not very
good with this kind of stuff.
I do not know what else to say.
Well you have had a really long
fucking time to think about it.
Where have you been?
You are here now. Let us
just go from there.
So. it is going ok?
It is going great. This is all
just temporary. I am getting
stronger every day.
It is just taking a little
longer than I thought.
Uh. so.
Well you look good.
Thanks.
[SAD PIANO MUSIC]
They are here. There are here.
Let us go. Ross.
Oh. Jerry! That is not gonna
hold.
Oh do not start on me.
First of all you do not know
what you are talking about.
And second of all. I screwed it
together. The duct tape is for
weatherproofing and traction.
And it looks cool.
Check out this rig.
Welcome home!
Hey. there he is.
Hi. John. I called that home
maid service. They are sending
somone in the morning.
Hey. nice wheels.
Son.
Well let us get out of the cold.
Here. I will get the door.
Alright.
Your dad built that ramp for
you. Is that nice?
Yeah. it did not cost anything
either.
Just get me inside.
Come on John. that is not going
anywhere.
Alex.
[DOG GROWLS AND BARKS]
There is my--. Come here.
Hey. hey. hey. It is ok.
it is me. Alex.
Take me to my bed back there.
You are gonna want to pull up
these runners so his chair does
not catch.
Well you just rolled over them.
Do not argue.
Just do what he said.
I will tape them down.
I know sweetie. You will get it.
Why so blue?
I just lay around like a
fucking throw pillow.
Let us just get you
out of there.
Jerry.
What do you want?
We need to get him out of there.
Ross!
Quit fussing over him. Arlene.
Yeah?
We gotta get him out.
Ok. What is the plan?
Well we put him in there.
We should be able to figure out
how to get him out.
He is wet now though. Be
careful. He is slippery.
Just get out.
Alright. we cannot just
leave you in there.
Dad. grab his legs.
You will catch pneumonia.
Get out. I do not want him here.
Grab his legs.
Look. leave me alone!
Leave me the fuck alone!
Get the fuck out!
Ok. I am sorry.
Hey. Ross.
[LOUD DANCE MUSIC PLAYS
INSIDE THE CAR]
[DOORBELL]
I will get that.
Oh. thank you.
Is he in there?
Yes.
Who is that?
What the fuck? Do not fucking
touch me. I am fine.
Just get out.
Be careful. You are gonna
fucking drop me.
[BARKING DOG]
Watch the dog. There is a dog.
There is a dog. Do you even know
what you are doing you fat fuck?
Come on.
The other one! The other one!
Just slow down. Be careful. You
are sweating all over me.
Do not leave him in there like
that. He has no control over his
body temperature.
It is very dangerous.
You are on your own with this
asshole!
By. fatso.
It is a good. hot dish. mom.
Thank you.
It is not too much salt?
Maybe.
It is perfect.
It is alright.
Arlene
Yes. Jerry.
He can do that himself.
There is no shame in asking for
a hittle help.
He did not ask.
[UPBEAT MUSIC]
[DOORBELL]
Hi.
Up and Adam. I am Susan.
Everybody calls me Suzie.
I do not know why I do not just
introduce myself as Suzie in the
first place.
It would save so much time. When
I tell people what I do they
always say it must feel so good
to have a job with so much
meaning or
or wow! It must really help put
your own life in perspective.
And all of that is true.
Get out.
You sound just like my mother.
Get the fuck out of my house.
[PHONE DIALING]
[LOUD ADHESIVE RIPPING SOUND]
Dad.
Hey. kiddo. Just thought you
might like a little recreation.
Here. Go for the three pointer.
Come on.
Alright. Watch your head.
[DOG MOANS]
Hey! Come here you little
asshole.
Hey dad. did you call the
service?
Yep. They are sending someone.
Did you go through the list of
the things that we did not want?
Yeah. they are aware.
When are they coming?
Today.
What time?
Oh I do not know. Soon
I guess. I am not sure but
what is the rush?
Well I am pretty sure I am gonna
have to drop the kids off at the
pool at some point. Just-- ugh.
Huh?
The kids. the pool. That--
Oh. yeah.
I have not put you on that yet.
before. Mmm Mmm.
Yeah. no well that thing is
pretty self-explanatory but
there is also supositories and
paperwork involved and--
Sheesh.
[PHONE VIBRATES]
I will give you
a little privacy.
[KNOCKING AT THE DOOR]
Hi. Are you from Wheelchair
Care? Come on in.
Hello. Hello.
I am here in kitchen.
What the hell kind of
accent is that?
I am Russian.
Alright. Well how to do you say
bring me a cup of coffee before
my head exploses in Russian?
Get it yourself. No.
Hey. You know. very funny. You
are a riot. Get back in your car
and drive back to Siberia
or wherever the fuck you are
from. You are fired!
Not fired.
Oh no. you are fired alright!
How you get dressed and cleaned?
Not fired.
Oh no. you are fired alright!
I quit.
What? You cannot quit. Wait a
second. You cannot just leave me
here. Hey. hold on a second!
What? You cannot make joke?
So are you gonna bring me
coffee? Russian woman!
So Adam. why you not doing more
for yourself? Why you need so
much help?
Why you are not using
electric chair?
Because. I want to do things the
way I used to do them.
This is fantasy. Why you live in
fantasy? You grown man. you no
baby lay in bed have people do
for you. You should be up.
working. have a life.
Crippled body. sad story.
Crippled mind. this is tragedy.
Sasha!
Sasha is husband.
In Siberia. I was nurse.
No shit? You are actually from
Siberia? Huh. You eat dog?
This is not funny.
Why? You cannot make joke?
Frankly. should be funnier.
Hey Sasha. what did you do?
Sasha was KGB.
Good. That is good.
No. look. I. I am just not good
at these things.
I am not good at this. Boo hoo.
I am Adam. I am big American
baby. Do it.
I am gonna fall. I am gonna.
Yeah. That worked.
Why you keep toilet in bedroom?
Because it is easier.
In Russia. even trained bear
does not make toilet in bedroom.
How many animals did you have?
Monkey. bear. goat.
Sometime I tell you goat story.
Okay. let us go.
You need to shave.
Sasha!
This is a problem.
Sasha will lower this.
It is fine where it is.
Okay. grow beautiful
communist beard.
[UPBEAT ACOUSTIC MUSIC]
Top work. This is top.
Stop dancing.
Board.
Board. Here is your board.
You wanna jump in here?
Help me pull down my pants?
Well. Alright. I have got the
mirrors up. so you should
be able to see both ways
down the street.
Tomorrow. we try suppository.
Strong bowels. strong mind.
Yup. Well. I have got poker
tonight. I will see you
tomorrow. son.
Tomorrow. you will pull up rugs.
You have nice family.
Yeah. if you say so.
You have a girl?
A girl?
Girl. You have girlfriend?
A girlfriend. Um...
I thought I did. Then she.
Then she. She just.
She just went away.
Forget her. You handsome young
man. You should have girlfriend.
It does not matter. What would I
do with her anyway?
This is no problem.
Sasha is second husband. First
husband beautiful. like big
tree. Was he kind? Generous? No.
Sasha is kind. generous. He is
interesting. Sasha make me feel.
If you make woman feel. it will
give you pleasure. Is possible.
Right woman will know what to do
with man who cannot move.
Okay. I go.
[EASTERN BLOCK DANCE MUSIC]
Hello. stranger.
Hello. Hello. stranger.
You dirty little fucker.
Hey man. I was wondering if you
could spot me a little cash.
What?
You know. I am just a little
short. I will pay you back.
Fuck off.
Seriously. help me out.
I cannot.
What do you mean you cannot?
Come on. stop fucking around.
Look. I am not. I had $80.000
worth of hospital expenses. and
I have no income.
Okay. I cannot work.
What do you mean you cannot
work? It is not like you were a
figure skater.
You sold mortgages
over the phone.
Look. God dammit Ross!
What?
I am sorry I even asked. Really.
I just. Just get me out of here.
Let us go get a drink.
I cannot stand up. Um.
I got a woody.
Fuck off.
Please just get me out of here.
[ROCK MUSIC]
Remember we used to call up
Mr. Chins. and order
half an egg roll?
I really only want half an egg
roll. And. then dad took us in
there after practice.
and he came running out. Oh I
will kill you. You do not mother
fucker to me.
Mother fucker to me.
Dude. caller I.D.
ruined everything.
Oh wow. This tastes so good.
I have not had a drink
since before.
Really?
Yeah. you know I was drunk when
I dove in. and figure I probably
should not get drunk anymore.
Hi there.
Hi.
I am Brandy.
I. I am Ross.
Hmm. So which are you
para. or quad?
Excuse me?
You know. Which are you a
paraplegic. or a quad?
Quad.
Sorry what?
What?
Quad! I am a quad!
Sorry my hearing is
not that good.
Apparently.
I love quads.
No shit?
Can I sit on your lap?
I will go get us some drinks.
Great.
I. I have a bad leg.
Better put your brakes on.
You are a lot better at this
than I am. Wanna switch seats?
My last boyfriend was para. I
dumped him though.
Oh yeah? Why?
He was all hands.
[NOISY STOMACH RUMBLES]
Hey um. Brandy get off me.
What?
Get the fuck off me.
Oh.
Ross.
Oh. Sweetie. Um do not worry. I
know exactly what to do. I will
be right back.
Ross. Let us go.
What the fuck is the matter with
you? She was so into you.
Alright. Stop the chair. Stop
the chair. Stop the chair.
Ok. Alright.
Pull my pants down.
Yeah. Right.
I am shitting myself. Pull my
pants down. Ross. Please. It
will not stop.
Pull my fucking pants down!
Oh. Fuck.
Alright. Get me out of the
chair. I do not want it to
get on the chair.
Get me out of the chair.
Ross. please.
Oh fuck. okay. Oh God. Fuck.
God!
You know. I was cool.
You know. I had money. I had a
hot girlfriend. and now
I am the one paralyzed from
the tits down. shitting myself
in a fucking parking lot.
It is okay. Okay. Alright. What
do you want me to do?
Just lay me on the ground. and
go get your car. please.
God.
[SAD PIANO MUSIC]
Long time ago little baby goat
walk into village. I see him
first. but very bad boy Sergo...
Sergo?
Yes. Sergo. Not nice boy. He
says he wants to kill it. Feed
his family. I say. No.
This is not your goat. I see him
first. Go to walk into town. and
my eyes are on him.
Village.
Village. And. stop interrupting.
And. this is no normal goat. He
is very special beautiful
baby goat.
Goat knows he is special too. He
plays with me. He. He follows me
around. He even dances.
He makes me laugh. And. we all
feel love with him.
The whole village.
Everybody working to take care
of goat. But at night.
He sleeps with me.
It will sound foolish to you.
but this goat became my friend.
Not pet. Friend.
I even name him like friend.
Mischa.
Mischa the goat?
Yeah. Mischa.
And?
And what?
What that is it. That is the end
of the story?
Yes. Happy American story. Life
is happy. Only happy. Happy.
Happy. Happy.
You are lying.
No.
Yes you are.
Yevgeniya?
Winter comes. Siberian winter.
Every body get hungry. very
hungry. End of story.
Winter comes. Siberian winter.
Every body get hungry. very
hungry. End of story.
You ate Mischa?
I kill him myself.
That is horrible.
Sometime life is horrible. Every
day we wake up. we make choice.
Get out of bed. or stay in bed.
Make choice to live. I get up.
Make choice to die. I stay in
bed. Am I victim or survivor?
Simple. I make choice.
I am survivor.
Yevgeniya?
Yes. Adam?
You think Sasha can lower my
bathroom mirror for me?
Sasha!
[INDIE ROCK MUSIC]
Now I just need to figure out
how to work these pedals.
This is no good. This no work.
You have a better idea?
[MECHANICAL WHIRRING]
Ooh! Blue is nice.
Hey. Cocky fuck.
Ah. Lucky. Lucky. Lucky.
You know. I do not remember
ordering my vehicle from the
crippled soccer moms collection.
This is good for you.
Yeah. Come on now. Get in there.
We got shit to do. Okay? Nice
meeting you all. Okay?
Hey Lucky. this my brother
Ross. He is gonna be joining us.
Hey.
Okay. If you are coming.
you are pushing.
Okay. This thing works exactly
like a car. only you can reach
everything with your hands.
Gas. break. everything is right
here on the steering wheel.
A crippled monkey could drive
this thing. Really. Which.
you just might be.
Hey man. I think we are in a 35.
Do not be such a pussy.
Okay pussy?
What?
I am an excellent driver.
So how did you get
the name Lucky?
Well the first time I dove off
the Belle Isle bridge. And the
second time I
rode myself straight down an
exit ramp. Swerving bitches.
Then I realized I was waisting
time trying to kill myself. so
now I play the lottery.
What the fuck are you
talking about?
Because I am so goddamned Lucky!
So what made you
stop trying to--
Oh. I had a baby. He could not
talk yet. but he had this look
in his eye that was thinking.
so you are gonna off yourself
today daddy?
I could not have that little
judgmental bastard outliving me.
What the fuck?
Wait. So you had a kid?
I thought that. I mean.
Drugs. They have one they give
you that is an injection.
but it makes the dick get big.
and the head stay small. Makes
it look like an earthworm.
you know?
Viagra though. now that is
a very good drug.
A very good drug.
Do not get your hopes up though.
These are not magical
boner beans.
Yeah. I do not. I do not know if
I could...
Well look. there is only one way
to find out. Just make sure you
are with somebody. Not me.
Oh. I am so glad to be back
here. That guy is a psycho.
Well. maybe. but at least he is
still in the game.
Sorta.
So how much do you need?
Oh. No. man.
I am giving you the money. But.
this is it. I mean it Ross.
Hey. you cannot afford to.
I am going back to work.
Thanks man. I will not
let you down.
Well. the humiliation does not
stop here man. You are gonna
have to help write the check.
[OLD SCHOOL HIP-HOP MUSIC]
Oh baby you. got what I need.
But. you say he is just a
friend.
You say he
is just a friend.
[PHONE RINGS]
Hello?
Hey man. I am coming over.
Okay. Sounds good. Bye.
It says handicapped. Tell him it
says handicapped. Morey.
That is a handicapped spot.
Jerk.
Oh. I am sorry.
I did not realize.
Control your bitch. Morey.
[BUSY OFFICE SOUNDS]
Mr. Adair. hey. I am so sorry
about the interruption.
No. I apologize.
It is Nicks first day. so.
No. The information you gave
is more than enough.
Yeah uh huh.
Just leave the application
blank. and um make sure you
sign it. Okay.
Here at South Beach Cash. your
word is gold. Bye now.
South Beach Cash?
Yeah. It is. Sound legit. Right?
Welcome to the pleasure dome.
Uh. it is great to have you here
man. um. beers later?
We are gonna be at Triple C with
some of the Tigers bench.
So you fill out clients
applications for them? You also
refinance dead people?
Every once in a while.
I was kidding.
Well. just to start with. I
mean. uh. I thought we would
have a few months
to syphon off Mickeys old
clients. But he switched off the
spigot within a week.
This is evil.
Everybody else is doing it.
Mickey is not.
The money is going to go
somewhere. right? Why not here?
Where are you getting
your leads?
Do not ask. So. let us get you a
desk. Get you started.
I will fire Nick Kahn right now.
I will have to think about it.
That is fine.
I will fire him on Tuesday.
Huh.
Oh shit. Uh. I should jump on
this. Uh. see you tonight?
Yes. I can assure you this is a
secure line.
We just need your social
security number so we can. uh.
so we can get you approved.
[ROOTSY ROCK MUSIC]
See you later.
Oh. Come on. Come on.
Come on. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck!
FUCK!
[PSYCHEDELIC ROCK MUSIC]
[FEROCIOUS DOG BARKING]
[THE CHAIR BEEPS TWICE TO
INDICATE IT IS CHARGING]
[CELL PHONE VIBRATES]
[CAR HORN HONKS REPEATEDLY]
Adam. you are very late.
Where is van?
That van is a piece of shit.
You think this is so?
Yes! I think this is so.
goddammit!
You are acting like child.
I did nothing wrong.
Hey. hey. Is this what you do?
You swoop in to buck up the
paralyzed.
because you have nothing else?
Your life is so empty that you
decide you want to fill it with
massaging and wiping the asses
of the feeble?
This is unacceptable.
This is. This is unacceptable.
You are pathetic!
I quit.
Good.
Oh my god.
I am fine.
Just get me to the bed.
Okay. Alright. um. Oh. jeez.
Okay.
Are you sure you are alright?
I am never gonna walk again
am I?
Oh. come on. kiddo.
You heard what the doctor said.
Dad. Please.
No. You are not. I am sorry son.
Oh. I am so very sorry.
Oh. Adam.
[SAD PIANO MUSIC]
[SOBBING]
Oh. god.
Thousands of runners turned out
this morning for the annual
Detroit Free Press marathon.
I got up this morning. and I
felt good. which sometimes
that is scary. Because you
do not want to feel too good too
early. and I did not move into
first until we turned
that corner. you know. I mean 25
1/2. 26 miles trailing.
and there we go. so
you never know what is gonna
happen until you put it all
on the line.
I got married this year.
I had a baby. and this is just
a great topper.
I am a little emotional. but I
am excited. and I am happy.
A lot of happy people.
Absolutely.
And exhausted people I am sure.
But congratulations to all who
participated.
[SAD PIANO MUSIC]
Do it. Do it!
You have alway been patient with
me. and I have gave you nothing
in return.
Honey?
Well. I never expected any...
I know. I know. I am just. I am
just saying thanks is all.
Sweet boy.
[UPBEAT CLASSICAL MUSIC]
Oh. hey. I noticed your jams are
all dinged up. We can widen the
door frames if you want us to.
You will not always be hitting
them with the chair.
Yeah. that would be great.
Did you decide on a color for
the bedroom?
Oh shit. uh yeah. Hey. uh. ma.
What?
Hey. uh. you wanna pick out a
color for the bedroom?
What? Your bedroom?
Ma. Keep it manly.
Manly. alright.
Sabertooth. Palomino Saddle.
Palomino saddle. Ma. why not
you just make it the color of
your shirt?
This is fun.
You two have fun.
Thank you.
Uh huh. you are welcome.
You are dead.
Hey kiddo. look here. I rigged
something up for you. Put that
on your hand.
That way you can get a grip on
your razor if you are shaving.
and I do not know turn it upside
down. and use a pen.
paintbrush. whatever.
Thanks. dad.
Yeah. Want a beer?
Hey. yeah. I would love a beer.
No beers for you until you are
done with your chores.
Chores. Who does chores?
Did they already give you one
of those in rehab?
Yeah. but uh this one is better.
Hey. Ross.
Yeah?
Come here.
Bow to me bitch.
Actually hurt my hand. What is
going on down there? Boner?
[UPLIFTING INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC]
I was. uh. I was angry. and
disrespectful. And. you treated
me like a person.
And. I treated you like. you
know. like I used to treat a lot
of people.
But you are. You are really
special. you know and you are
kind. and you are generous.
Oh. okay. Blah. Blah. Blah.
What is point?
I intend on becoming fully
independent. I am having
the entire house redone
just for that purpose.
But. being independent means
I need you.
Just come back. Please.
Okay. I come back.
But now I am busy.
Alright. but only two days a
week. No. three. Independence.
[INDIE ROCK MUSIC]
[DOG BARKING]
Hey. Mickey.
Adam. You gonna invited me in?
Uh. Yeah. Yeah.
No of course. Come in.
I uh. grew up around here. My
old man owned a bar on. uh.
Seven mile and Woodward.
The joint was doing alright
for about 10 years.
and then the hookers moved in.
and the vice squad shut
him down.
Yeah I uh. I heard the stories.
Hey. you wanna see my socks.?
Look at that.
Huh?
You like mine?
Oh.
Ah. It is all over my sock.
Gross.
How come you have not been
returning my calls?
Um. I did not know what to say.
You know even if I did
come back to work.
My performance would be non-
existent.
No. I do not believe that.
I do not need the money. if
that is what this is about.
I have no idea what it is you
deal with on a daily basis.
But. what I do know is that you
bring a lot of valuable
intangibles to the company.
You can hang a zero for
production for all I care. Adam.
But. you have no idea of the
impact that you make on the
people arouund the office.
Thank you.
As unfortunate as your accident
was. at least you are alive for
the next opportunity.
Your job will be waiting for
you. When you are ready for it.
I uh. did work pretty hard for
that promotion.
Oh. no. No. No. That is gone.
Cannot have a team without
a leader.
If another director spot opens
up eventually. and if you decide
to come back.
I have no doubt that it
will be yours.
Well. um. I will think about it.
Hmm.
No. No. I will get the door.
Hey. uh. Thanks. Mickey.
I mean it.
[DOOR BELL RINGS]
Yevgeniya. Doorbell.
Adam this is obvious.
Hello. stranger. I get coat.
Adam. I just did not--
You do not need to apologize.
I am ashamed about what I did.
Will you forgive me?
You know. I uh. I hated you for
a long time.
And I thought about it. and if.
if this had happened to you. I
would not have stuck around.
And I thought about it. and if.
if this had happened to you. I
would not have stuck around.
Woah.
How are we on time?
Um.
23 minutes.
And?
You tell me.
We have lift off.
Really?
Uh Hmm.
Oh my god.
Is it in?
Yeah. How does it feel?
Good. And you?
I feel wonderful.
[MELODIC MUSIC]
Hey.
I gotta run.
Christine?
Yeah?
Um. It is not gonna work.
Last night. It. It was the
first time in a long time
that I felt good about myself.
Being with a quadriplegic is not
going to make you a better
person.
I am sorry.
Me too.
You are late.
Sorry. It will not happen again.
[UPLIFTING MUSIC]
[MELANCHOLY PIANO MUSIC]